Ya assalam...I think I never thought about it before.
But I think it is a combination, ballet is a combination of
different stuff, just mixing and matching a lot of things.
i think yeah...
just like the the recitals for the studio yeah
you
Ummm... I think... I used to...
It went to Tuesday. ... Okay...
I mainly went to two studios.
The first one I went to, I think it was like classic.
What is it like? ammm...
We did Nutcracker and...
We did like Wizard of Oz too. I guess it's not old. It's not classical to think of it.
and Alice in Wonderland. The new studio I moved to, ...
It's a Christian studio, so we always dance to.
worship music... Usually...
So, our dance is a lot.
It's very classical and traditional but the music is like...
Just yeah, modern music.... Yeah...
I think last year we did... Ummm...
Yeah, I Look To You by Stella. I don't think it's a very well-known song.
Hmm...
Yeah I think something like that.
I too...
I don't think so, yeah. I hadn't heard of it.
I heard it  before my teacher told me.
So I was like, oh, okay. Yeah, it was, I don't know.
It's really dramatic....  ha... ha.. ha...
Ha...  ha... ha...
Hmm...
I think it mostly depends on the feeling of the body.
But overall the default is smile. You have to smile.
And you have to do it until like almost cheesy smile because then the audience can't see you.
So if you just think you're smiling you're probably not smiling.. ha... ha... ha...
I love you guys so much!
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah...  ha.. ha.. ha... Like we're trying to like
Oh, you have to smile too! yeah... steno like that...
Yeah...
Yeah.
I don't know. They're both very plastic. I realized.
Yeah, very traditional.  Yeah... Hmmm... I think...
Ohh...  happy it turned into my major.
but I like writing a lot too. Yeah.
Hmm... I think...
That would be really cool. I don't think I could do manga.
I don't think I have that much artistic talent, but... hmmm...
I've been doing a lot of short stories for my school assignments, but I think
I'm interested just overall in the fantasy genre... so...
Yeah, he's coming for that.
My last short story was...
Oh, yeah, the one I wrote last week, it was like the eggs...
like a full novel.
I just wrote the beginning. I don't think I'll go further than that.
But it was... I don't know how you...
i don't think like i can size the whole idea
I guess like these like magicians are encroaching on a kingdom.
And then, only like, and then...
The prince wants to fight back.
but then his position to the throne is being challenged.
So he can move the way he wants to, to protect his country. Kind of something like that.
Yeah... ha...ha...ha...   Yeah... ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.          Yeah... ha.. ha.. ha..
I didn't go that far. I only made the main character. (***)
Definitely...  yeah...
Yeah...
Yeah, that would be cool. That's like a dream.... ha.. ha.. ha..
yeah... (***)
Yeah, yeah... yeah... ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah....I'll put you on the cast list.
(***)   I'll definitely do that. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah!  ha.. ha.. ha.. yeah...
Aww, that'd be so cool though! Yeah...
I don't know... I'm like a devil in a lot of things.
So I don't know if I'm really...
If I have a lot of skill in one of them, so it's kind of more spread out, I think.
It's like
I am sure...
Hmmm...   hmmm...
Yeah, that is so cool.
Thank you so much! I'm so encouraged!
Yeah...